doc(metrics): Metric tags can only have a single value (#1307)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/metrics.mdx

* **Background Aggregation:** SDKs are encouraged to defer flushing and aggregation
  into a background thread.  For SDKs where `fork()` is to be expected, the background
  thread needs to ensure it restarts after fork (eg: python).

> * **Tagging:** metrics are tagged by key value pairs. Both keys and values are limited to strings,

Reviewer: LGTM.

re: David's suggestion, maybe the following:
```suggestion
* **Tagging:** metrics are tagged by unique key value pairs. Both keys and values are limited to strings,
```
but I think it's ok to merge as-is.

Reviewer 2: `(a, 1)` and `(a, 2)` are still unique pairs.

> * **Tagging:** metrics are tagged by key value pairs. Both keys and values are limited to strings,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Tagging:** metrics can be tagged with a unique key and an optional value for each key. Both keys and values are limited to strings,
```

Maybe something like this, since there can be *no* tags at all and tags *without* values.
